# Rust API client for tic_tac_toe_rust_client_sdk

Tic-Tac-Toe Game Service

For more information, please visit [https://RustMadeEasy.com](https://RustMadeEasy.com)

## Overview

This API client was generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech) project.  By using the [openapi-spec](https://openapis.org) from a remote server, you can easily generate an API client.

- API version: 0.4.0
- Package version: 0.4.0
- Generator version: 7.8.0
- Build package: `org.openapitools.codegen.languages.RustClientCodegen`

## Installation

Put the package under your project folder in a directory named `tic_tac_toe_rust_client_sdk` and add the following to `Cargo.toml` under `[dependencies]`:

```
tic_tac_toe_rust_client_sdk = { path = "./tic_tac_toe_rust_client_sdk" }
```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *http://localhost*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*TicTacToeApi* | [**add_player**](docs/TicTacToeApi.md#add_player) | **POST** /v1/games/players | Adds a Player to the Game. Returns Game Creation Result.
*TicTacToeApi* | [**create_game**](docs/TicTacToeApi.md#create_game) | **POST** /v1/games | Creates a new Game. Returns Game Creation Result.
*TicTacToeApi* | [**end_game**](docs/TicTacToeApi.md#end_game) | **DELETE** /v1/games/{game_id} | Closes down the specified Game.
*TicTacToeApi* | [**get_game_history**](docs/TicTacToeApi.md#get_game_history) | **GET** /v1/games/{game_id}/turns | Retrieves the history of the Game States from the initial move (turn) to the latest.
*TicTacToeApi* | [**get_game_info**](docs/TicTacToeApi.md#get_game_info) | **GET** /v1/games/{game_id} | Retrieves the specified Game info.
*TicTacToeApi* | [**take_turn**](docs/TicTacToeApi.md#take_turn) | **POST** /v1/games/{game_id}/turns | Make a game move (turn) for the specified Player.


## Documentation For Models

 - [AddPlayerParams](docs/AddPlayerParams.md)
 - [BoardPosition](docs/BoardPosition.md)
 - [EventPlaneConfig](docs/EventPlaneConfig.md)
 - [EventPlaneTopicNames](docs/EventPlaneTopicNames.md)
 - [GameCreationResult](docs/GameCreationResult.md)
 - [GameInfo](docs/GameInfo.md)
 - [GamePiece](docs/GamePiece.md)
 - [GameState](docs/GameState.md)
 - [GameTurnInfo](docs/GameTurnInfo.md)
 - [NewGameParams](docs/NewGameParams.md)
 - [PlayStatus](docs/PlayStatus.md)
 - [PlayerInfo](docs/PlayerInfo.md)


To get access to the crate's generated documentation, use:

```
cargo doc --open
```

## Author

Info@RustMadeEasy.com

